# Contribution

## Code Contribution Process

1. **Create ISSUE**
   
You can create an ISSUE on GitHub, including four types of bug reports, new feature requests, and custom issue. Please provide a detailed description of your problem or solution in the ISSUE.

2. **Develop Code**
   
You can use your preferred Java integrated development environment for code development, which must follow GeaFlow's code specifications. You can use the mvn command to package and verify the code format. To ensure code quality, you need to supplement the newly added and modified code with unit tests.

3. **Submit PR**
   
After local code development and testing are completed, you can submit a PR to the GeaFlow master branch. After submitting the PR, the community committer will conduct a code review of your PR.
* Fork Code：Fork GeaFlow's code on GitHub.
* Add Repository：`git remote add fork https://github.com/<your-username>/geaflow.git`
* Push Branch：`git push fork <branch-name>`
* Create PR：Click `https://github.com/<your-username>/geaflow/pull/new/<branch-name>` and create PR.

4. **Code Review**

The community committer will provide feedback on code specifications, code logic, etc. on GitHub. You need to provide feedback and make modifications to the problems raised. After several rounds of feedback and modification, the community will eventually accept your PR and merge it into the master branch.

## First Contribution

GeaFlow Project's issues provides a few simple issues for quick participation in community contributions. These 
issues are labeled **good first issues**, and you can choose the issues you are interested in to contribute.